the ice holes fans are just big
Derek Thompson he doesn't believe in
fair play meet the future we're a
franchise old-timers game today I'm
gonna play hockey the big leagues just
like you you're still good
lower your expectations and he doesn't
believe in fairy tales Tess let's just
get this out of the way there's no such
thing but he's about to receive mr.
Thompson
you sir are guilty of King Dreamz the
ultimate penalty you are hereby ordered
to serve time as a Tooth Fairy well the
meanest man in hockey raise your right
hand I swear to perform the duties of a
tooth fairy well to discover
get him into flying school
in order to succeed shrinking paste
invisibility spray hey you have to
believe
cat away this thing will come in very
handy
you're not exactly embracing the tooth
fairy's spirit are you kidding me I'm
embracing it all right but I'm doing it
my way on January 22nd I'm just here for
the two sir
justa tooth you can't handle the tooth
who are you I'm the tooth fairy
oh yeah
[Music]
thank you a little help you take a look
out there buddy okay get ready to
believe in magic you might just be the
worst tooth fairy ever it's like your
brain is in the penalty box and let your
imagination
where's your car no car let's go eat
flight Dwayne Johnson Ashley Judd Billy
Crystal and Julie Andrews tooth fairy
amnesia dust all right come on that's
how it works
that's how what works amnesia dust
that's how it works that's how what
works
[Music]